update http docs and add selinux docs (#44)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/selinux-troubleshootiing.md

2021/02/26 15:16:56 [crit] 67245#0: *494 connect() to 127.0.0.1:8001 failed (13: Permission denied) while connecting to upstream, client: 47.221.167.40, server: nautobot.example.com, request: "GET /favicon.ico HTTP/1.1", upstream: "http://127.0.0.1:8001/favicon.ico", host: "nautobot.example.com", referrer: "https://nautobot.example.com/"
2021/02/26 15:16:58 [crit] 67245#0: *544 connect() to 127.0.0.1:8001 failed (13: Permission denied) while connecting to upstream, client: 47.221.167.40, server: nautobot.example.com, request: "GET / HTTP/1.1", upstream: "http://127.0.0.1:8001/", host: "nautobot.example.com"
2021/02/26 15:16:58 [crit] 67245#0: *544 connect() to 127.0.0.1:8001 failed (13: Permission denied) while connecting to upstream, client: 47.221.167.40, server: nautobot.example.com, request: "GET /favicon.ico HTTP/1.1", upstream: "http://127.0.0.1:8001/favicon.ico", host: "nautobot.example.com", referrer: "https://nautobot.example.com/"
```

> A quick way to verify that SELinux is preventing the application from working is to first verify that SELinux is indeed `enabled` and operating in `enforcing` mode and second; temporarily put SELinux in `permissive` mode. With SELinux in `permissive` mode, the application stack can be tested again. If the application starts working as expected, then SELinux is most likely the culprit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quick way to verify that SELinux is preventing the application from working is to first, verify that SELinux is indeed `enabled` and operating in `enforcing` mode, and second, temporarily put SELinux in `permissive` mode. With SELinux in `permissive` mode, the application stack can be tested again. If the application starts working as expected, then SELinux is most likely the culprit.
```

```no-highlight
# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled
Current mode:                   enforcing
```

To put SELinux in `permissive` mode, execute the `setenforce` command with the `0` flag.

```no-highlight
# setenforce 0

# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled
Current mode:                   permissive
```

> With SELinux in `permissive` mode, test the application stack and ensure everything is working properly. If the application is working, put SELinux in `enforce` mode. This is done by executing the `setenforce` command with the `1` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SELinux in `permissive` mode, test the application stack and ensure everything is working properly. If the application is working, put SELinux back into `enforcing` mode. This is done by executing the `setenforce` command with the `1` flag.
```

# SELinux Troubleshooting

> When installing Nautobot for the first time on a Redhat-based Linux Distribution, SELinux may prevent the Nautobot stack from working properly. An example is SELinux prevents the HTTP daemon (Nginx, Apache, etc) from communicating to the Django application stack on the backend.

Reviewer: perhaps `An example is SELinux preventing...`?

## Determine if SELinux is the Culprit

> An example a broken application can be seen in the Nginx error logs below:

Reviewer: `An example of a...`

2021/02/26 15:16:58 [crit] 67245#0: *544 connect() to 127.0.0.1:8001 failed (13: Permission denied) while connecting to upstream, client: 47.221.167.40, server: nautobot.example.com, request: "GET /favicon.ico HTTP/1.1", upstream: "http://127.0.0.1:8001/favicon.ico", host: "nautobot.example.com", referrer: "https://nautobot.example.com/"
```

A quick way to verify that SELinux is preventing the application from working is to first verify that SELinux is indeed `enabled` and operating in `enforcing` mode and second; temporarily put SELinux in `permissive` mode. With SELinux in `permissive` mode, the application stack can be tested again. If the application starts working as expected, then SELinux is most likely the culprit.

```no-highlight
# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled
Current mode:                   enforcing
```

To put SELinux in `permissive` mode, execute the `setenforce` command with the `0` flag.

```no-highlight
# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled

> Current mode:                   enforcing

Reviewer: Nitpick: Not sure if these three lines are needed since they're just repeating what's immediately above.

# setenforce 0

# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled
Current mode:                   permissive
```

With SELinux in `permissive` mode, test the application stack and ensure everything is working properly. If the application is working, put SELinux in `enforce` mode. This is done by executing the `setenforce` command with the `1` flag.

```no-highlight
# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled

> Current mode:                   permissive

Reviewer: Same nitpick here

# setenforce 1

# sestatus | egrep 'SELinux status|Current mode'
SELinux status:                 enabled
Current mode:                   enforcing
```
## Troubleshoot SELinux

> Troubleshooting SELinux in most instances is straight forward. Using the `sealert` command to parse `/var/log/audit/audit.log` is the fastest way to pin-point SELinux specific issues. In many cases, `sealert` will also provide guidance as to how to resolve the issue.

Reviewer: `straightforward`

Since Nginx is communicating with the Nautobot application via HTTP, the second option is the best option.

```no-highlight
SELinux is preventing /usr/sbin/nginx from name_connect access on the tcp_socket port 8001.

*****  Plugin connect_ports (85.9 confidence) suggests   *********************

If you want to allow /usr/sbin/nginx to connect to network port 8001
Then you need to modify the port type.
Do
# semanage port -a -t PORT_TYPE -p tcp 8001
    where PORT_TYPE is one of the following: dns_port_t, dnssec_port_t, kerberos_port_t, ocsp_port_t.

*****  Plugin catchall_boolean (7.33 confidence) suggests   ******************

If you want to allow httpd to can network connect
Then you must tell SELinux about this by enabling the 'httpd_can_network_connect' boolean.

Do
setsebool -P httpd_can_network_connect 1
```

Executing `setsebool -P httpd_can_network_connect 1` should remedy the issue. Verify this by executing the `setsebool` command, verify that SELinux is enabled and in `enforcing` mode via the `sestatus` command, and test the application stack for functionality.

```no-highlight
# curl -ik https://nautobot.example.com

> HTTP/1.1 502 Bad Gateway

Reviewer: Might be good to add a comment to the effect that this first attempt is showing the failure again - I did a bit of a double-take on seeing an error message here after the above paragraph explains the commands that should fix the issue.
